Create rule S6731(secrets): Slack Bot Tokens should not be disclosed (#2973)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6731/secrets/rule.adoc

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/description.adoc[]

== Why is this an issue?

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/rationale.adoc[]

=== What is the potential impact?

> Slack bot tokens have multiple types of access to a channel: They can post
> messages, read usernames and mails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slack bot tokens have multiple types of access to a channel: They can post
messages, read usernames and users emails. These links have plethora of possible capabilities.
```
